
Deploy the web project to Azure

In Solution Explorer, right-click the project, and choose Publish.
Choose Publish in Visual Studio menu

In a few seconds, the Publish Web wizard appears. The wizard opens to a publish profile that has settings for deploying the web project to the new web app.

The publish profile includes a user name and password for deployment. These credentials have been generated for you, and you don't have to enter them. The password is encrypted in a hidden user-specific file in the Properties\PublishProfiles folder.
On the Connection tab of the Publish Web wizard, click Next.

Click Next on Connection tab of Publish Web wizard

Next is the Settings tab. Here you can change the build configuration to deploy a debug build for remote debugging. The tab also offers several File Publish Options.

On the Settings tab, click Next.

Settings tab of Publish Web wizard

The Preview tab is next. Here you have an opportunity to see what files are going to be copied from your project to the API app. When you're deploying a project to an API app that you already deployed to earlier, only changed files are copied. If you want to see a list of what will be copied, you can click the Start Preview button.

On the Preview tab, click Publish.

Preview tab of Publish Web wizard

When you click Publish, Visual Studio begins the process of copying the files to the Azure server. This may take a minute or two.

The Output and Azure App Service Activity windows show what deployment actions were taken and report successful completion of the deployment.

Visual Studio Output window reporting successful deployment

Upon successful deployment, the default browser automatically opens to the URL of the deployed web app, 
and the application that you created is now running in the cloud. 
The URL in the browser address bar shows that the web app is loaded from the Internet.

Create VM

Choose the VM image from the marketplace
Consider a Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter image as an example.

Sign in to the Azure portal.
On the hub menu, click New > Compute > Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter.

Screenshot that shows the Azure VM images available in the portal

On the Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter blade, in Select a deployment model, verify that Resource Manager is selected. Click Create.

Screenshot that shows the deployment model to select for the VM
Create the Windows virtual machine
After you select the image, you can use the default settings and quickly create the virtual machine.

On the Basics blade, enter a Name for the virtual machine. The name must be 1-15 characters long and it cannot contain special characters.
Enter a User name, and a strong Password that will be used to create a local account on the VM. The local account is used to sign in to and manage the VM.

The password must be 8-123 characters long and meet three out of the four following complexity requirements: one lower case character, one upper case character, one number, and one special character. See more about username and password requirements.

Select an existing Resource group or type the name for a new one. Type an Azure datacenter Location such as West US.
When you are done, click OK to continue to the next section.

Choose a VM size, and then click Select to continue.

On the Settings blade, you can change the storage and network options. If you selected a virtual machine size that supports it, you can try Azure Premium Storage by selecting Premium (SSD) in Disk type. When you're done making changes, click OK.

Click Summary to review your choices. When you see the Validation passed message, click OK.

While Azure creates the virtual machine, you can track the progress in Virtual Machines on the hub menu.
Connect to the virtual machine and sign on
On the hub menu, click Virtual Machines.
Select the virtual machine from the list.
On the blade for the virtual machine, click Connect. This creates and downloads a Remote Desktop Protocol file (.rdp file) that is like a shortcut to connect to your machine.
 You might want to save the file to your desktop for easy access. Open this file to connect to your VM.

You get a warning that the .rdp is from an unknown publisher. This is normal. In the Remote Desktop window, click Connect to continue.

In the Windows Security window, type the username and password for the local account that you created when you created the VM. The username is entered as vmname\username, then click OK.

You get a warning that the certificate cannot be verified. This is normal. Click Yes to verify the identity of the virtual machine and finish logging on.

If you run in to trouble when you try to connect, see Troubleshoot Remote Desktop connections to a Windows-based Azure Virtual Machine.

You can now work with the virtual machine as you would with any other server.

Create WEB API service
http://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/g_arora/Asp-Net-web-api-create-deploy-to-azure-and-manage-using-az/

